N25: What's the word (#760)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/news/025/index.md

## Game Updates

### [What's the word](https://vrixyz.itch.io/whats-the-word)

> A UI-based game in which you tap (or miss) buttons.
> 
> It's at the prototype stage, let it demonstrate how *small* you can scope your project for a game jam !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A UI-based game in which you tap (or miss) buttons. It was created with <something>. It's at the prototype stage, but can demonstrate how *small* you can scope your project for a game jam!
```

Reviewer: It would be cool to hear a bit about what tools were used to create it :)
